Move tslint.json advice from PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md (#49575)
DefinitelyTyped/DefinitelyTyped: README.md

Once a week the Definition Owners are synced to the file [.github/CODEOWNERS](https://github.com/DefinitelyTyped/DefinitelyTyped/blob/master/.github/CODEOWNERS) which is our source of truth.

> #### tslint.json

Author: What do you think about instead combining the "Linter" section with "Verifying"? Although technically `// $ExpectError` and `// $ExpectType` are handled by dtslint vs. tsc, I think conceptually they're associated with writing tests, and not with `tslint.json`?

> #### tslint.json

Author: Done :heavy_check_mark:

> Shouldn't have any additional or disabling of rules. Just content as `{ "extends": "dtslint/dt.json" }`. If for reason the some rule need to be disabled, [disable it for that line](https://palantir.github.io/tslint/usage/rule-flags/#comment-flags-in-source-code:~:text=%2F%2F%20tslint%3Adisable%2Dnext%2Dline%3Arule1%20rule2%20rule3...%20%2D%20Disables%20the%20listed%20rules%20for%20the%20next%20line) using `// tslint:disable-next-line:[ruleName]` and not for whole package so that the need for disabling can be reviewed.

Author: Done :heavy_check_mark:

Once a week the Definition Owners are synced to the file [.github/CODEOWNERS](https://github.com/DefinitelyTyped/DefinitelyTyped/blob/master/.github/CODEOWNERS) which is our source of truth.

#### tslint.json

> Shouldn't have any additional rules. Just leave the content as `{ "extends": "dtslint/dt.json" }`. If for some reason some rule needs to be disabled, [disable it for that specific line](https://palantir.github.io/tslint/usage/rule-flags/#comment-flags-in-source-code:~:text=%2F%2F%20tslint%3Adisable%2Dnext%2Dline%3Arule1%20rule2%20rule3...%20%2D%20Disables%20the%20listed%20rules%20for%20the%20next%20line) using `// tslint:disable-next-line:[ruleName]` — not for the whole package, so that disabling can be reviewed.

Reviewer: Needs rephrasing of the first two sentences (the first talks about additions to what's specified in the second).

Also, "If for some reason" is better on a new paragraph.

```suggestion
The liner configuration file, `tslint.json` should contain `{ "extends": "dtslint/dt.json" }`, and no additional rules.

If for some reason some rule needs to be disabled, [disable it for that specific line](https://palantir.github.io/tslint/usage/rule-flags/#comment-flags-in-source-code:~:text=%2F%2F%20tslint%3Adisable%2Dnext%2Dline%3Arule1%20rule2%20rule3...%20%2D%20Disables%20the%20listed%20rules%20for%20the%20next%20line) using `// tslint:disable-next-line:[ruleName]` — not for the whole package, so that disabling can be reviewed.  (There are some legacy lint configs that have additional contents, but these should not happen in new work.)
```

Author: Done :heavy_check_mark:

> #### Common mistakes

Reviewer: Since linting is closer to the verification, I think that it would be best to move the "Common mistakes" so it's after verification.  (So the order is linting -- verification -- common mistakes.)

Should be updated in the TOC too.

Author: Done :heavy_check_mark:

If a package was never on Definitely Typed, it does not need to be added to `notNeededPackages.json`.

> #### Verifying

Reviewer: I know that this wasn't here before, but I think that it's worth starting with a quick paragraph saying that tests are preferably in files that look like that (`test` in the name or in the path), and that these files should have the following.

> To assert that an expression is of a given type, use `$ExpectType`. To assert that an expression causes a compile error, use `$ExpectError`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `$ExpectType` to assert that an expression is of a given type, and `$ExpectError` to assert that a compile error.  Examples:
```

Also, maybe mention the "Minimum TypeScript Version" line?

Author: Nice, I opened [another PR](https://github.com/DefinitelyTyped/DefinitelyTyped/pull/49636) for these changes :+1:

> For more details, see [dtslint](https://github.com/Microsoft/dtslint#write-tests) readme.
> 
> Test your changes by running `npm test package-name` where `package-name` is the name of your package.
> 
> This script uses [dtslint](https://github.com/microsoft/dtslint) to run the TypeScript compiler against your dts files.

Reviewer: Suggestion (the GH suggestion doesn't work here):

```suggestion
Test your changes by running `npm test package-name` where `package-name` is the name of your package.

This script uses [dtslint](https://github.com/microsoft/dtslint) to run the TypeScript compiler against your files.  See [the description there](https://github.com/Microsoft/dtslint#write-tests) for more details.
```
